What is your full name?
Madame Marie Sonnier.
How long have you had in Scott?
All my life.
Is your son Elmore Sonnier?
Oui.
What does he do for a living?
In what town?
When will he be home?
How old are you?
How long have you lived in Scott?
Tell me how many children you have and something about each one of them.
J'ai huit enfants.
J'en ai eu neuf.
J'ai eu neuf enfants, ils m'ont reçu huit.
Oui.
You tell me something interesting about the town of Scott.
Oh my, the population of Scott is a bivalent.
La population du village est à peu près quatre cents.
Il est très joliment intéressant ici, on a plein de patates à vendre.
What kind of store do you have?
Where did you go to school?
Did you finish high school here?
What is your business?
Oh, have you lived here all of your life also?
Do you know everyone in the neighborhood?
Oui.
Would you be able to tell me about some people who know French songs?